Spring
This is the man who's suspicious.
I have to protect my husband!
Well, Takahawk, Takahawk...
Damn, you're so mean.
Hello!
Did you come to play with me?
No, no, no!
What are you doing?
-I'm going to help you! -Takagumi!
You're so nice.
Let's go to the room.
I've got a really good pair of glasses.
I'm taking a video and playing with them online.
Oh, a cute pair of glasses.
But I don't have enough glasses.
I know, right? I'm going to push them.
I want them!
Spring
(I'm not a bad girl)
Excuse me!
Oh, welcome!
Huh?
Why are you here, Sama?
Run!
I'll do something, so run away!
What are you saying?
They're...
...they're trying to mess up women!
I've never seen anyone like that in the lady's room!
You're calling me a bad girl, Asawa.
You're not here?
I'm on my way out.
Huh?
(I'm not a bad girl)
A fish?
You're a bad girl.
You're a normal girl, Kyuri.
Hey, you're not going to come back, right?
I'm fine.
I just got a cold.
I'll tell you in the Holy Spirit's body.
What?
Rei?
If you know my secret, you'll be a Echelon.
I know!
If you're a Echelon, you'll have the worst effect on your personality!
Huh?
Asawa!
I'm sure I'm going to be in trouble!
W-W-W-W-W-W-
O-Ojisan!
Huh?
I-I'm sorry to the dead, but please don't get involved in my business!
Dead?
O-Ojisan, did you see it on the Internet?
It's just a lie.
It's safe.
Seiga isn't like that at all.
The same way I talked to Miss Misako when I was in the Maltese.
A YouTuber?
(The video of the old man is...)
What? I'm a bit nervous.
What's that?
The old man from Takafumi is different, but he's a good guy.
But why is Fujimi here?
That's...
O-Ojip-pe-po!
Ojisan!
This is definitely a good idea!
You can use it!
Oh, the old man is really good.
But if the 35-year-old man does it...
I see.
Fujimi!
I want to drink coffee.
I'll put it in.
I knew it was Takafumi's wish.
I'll have to check it out.
Takafumi!
Hey, do you want to see the photo of Fujimi and her trip?
Y-Yes, I got it right.
It's close!
Sit down! Sit down for a second!
(The old man from Takafumi is...)
How is it?
If you're just looking at your chest, you're gonna be a piece of shit.
I-I can't eat this old man's finger!
Huh?
Who's this guy?
I don't know.
Mr. Ding?
Oh, what's that?
Then, what about this photo?
(The old man from Takafumi is...)
What? Why me?
Who's this guy?
What? I've found it!
Hmm...
Takafumi, you're from elementary school?
What was Fujimi like in the past?
She was a bit cooler.
Well, I guess she's not that different.
Hmm...
She might have been like Chiaki just now.
Oh, that cute little brother.
He's been doing this for about two years.
I'm over there.
Huh?
(The old man from Takafumi is...)
Well, let's take a video of the "Ciaki" sister.
It's okay. It's okay.
I won't let her get on the internet.
(The old man from Takafumi is...)
Are you taking it?
Yeah.
What are you doing, Sumi?
What?
(The old man from Takafumi is...)
What are you doing, Fujimi?
I'm not interested in girls.
That's my picture!
Hmm...
(The old man from Takafumi is...)
Takafumi?
You were talking about Fujimiya's childhood.
Are you from the high school?
Yes.
I'm from Ikyurasu, Elran.
I'm from the elementary school.
What? This is...
What? What?
I dropped it! I dropped it!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Ah...
The spirit of memory is erased from the
the body of the adventurer.
Run, Yaki! Run!
What's wrong with you?
Are you in Sony?
Sony didn't make anything like that.
It's okay. I'll go to sleep.
Uncle...
Please don't erase your memory.
I'm sorry.
Even in the world of ruins,
I was scolded for not erasing my memory.
What happened?
That was a hot spring.
A hot spring?
The old man went to Elf after he returned from Mayenryu.
Yes.
What does the hot spring of this world look like?
Is it a little bit of a service?
Let me ask you.
Well...
It doesn't seem to be a mess.
The spirit of memory is the best for the viewer
to have a mirror angle.
The bath is especially effective in privacy.
Such a high-quality word.
You're so good at listening.
Ikulas Elron.
Elf.
Elf is a female, so she doesn't have any pictures.
It's been a long time.
It's been a month since I took a bath, so it must have been a long time.
-Is there 20 minutes left? -Let's hurry.
Oh, 20 minutes.
-Did you get it? -Why?
- You're back? - Why?
Huh? Why?
- I'm back! - I'm back!
- I'm back! - You can't do anything! Hurry!
What was that?
The "Goroy" is a magic spell that can attack.
Oh, it's the magic of the Elf.
The Elf?
What? You can change the attitude now.
What I like about Garhoy's Varga is that the motion of Graviton Thunder and Zero Drive
Illusion is super cool.
It's not because it's the Elf.
You're the Elf, right?
It's a long way from that.
I'm here.
Japanese?
Why are you traveling?
Do you understand Japanese Bahamaru?
As Mabel said, he's really a angel.
Japanese Bahamaru?
The reason I made this trip was because of the angel from Japan Bahamaru 20 years ago.
What?
There's an angel besides the angel and Mabel?
Is he here?
He was in Gran Bahamaru, Shoujiro Murayama, about 20 years ago.
Murayama?
He was 88 years old last year.
I see.
The Yuka of the Hell.
He really reads it.
What does the Hell mean?
It means that he's the world that he used to go to before he died.
That means he recognized this world.
You're a good old man.
Yeah, that's great.
The 90s were so many times that the Yuka of Hell was remembered as the Yuka of the Hell.
The Yuka of Hell?
Excuse me.
I'm Gran Tsutomu, the head of the Shihainin Sword Sect in Lengoku.
You seem to be very familiar with the
The angel is very popular in the country.
But it's a rumor that he was able to make this trip without a single person passing by.
Oh.
It's true.
I've seen the rumor that he brought the trip from Japan Bahamaru.
That's not true.
The person who brought it disappeared when the Yuka of Hell died.
When the Shihainin Sword Sect was taken, the Yuka of Hell disappeared in front of his feet.
Oh, the truth!
That's a good record of the Shihainin Sword Sect.
The angel from the Hell is said to be able to give one power to the God.
The angel is able to control the material of the living and the living.
The angel is...
Is it because of the item?
I'm talking about something very important.
In the action game, there are some parts that can't skip and some parts that can't be
skipped.
It's because of the fact that something else is being cut in between.
That's the story of the game, isn't it?
An event that's so important to know the mystery of the heaven.
Okugan, let's go.
Are the three of us on the hot spring?
We're on our way to work, Mr. Nukaria.
I wonder if Mr. Murayama was also this kind of person.
By the way, Mr. Oji, you're a bit of a rambunctious person in the world, aren't you?
Oh, I know.
Even though he's a young angel, he's a bit of a rambunctious person.
The spirit is recognized as a human being.
It's amazing.
If you say it's a temporary, it's sold for three times.
Well then, Mr. Yadodai, please give us a 40,000 yen discount.
40,000 yen? I'm not being fooled!
If it's a Japanese dollar, it's about 40,000 yen.
There's also a science department.
What?
So, the price of the time when Mr. Murayama was sold...
It's 30,000 yen, isn't it?
1000 yen!
It's not a dollar.
And here it is.
It's nice to take a bath and feel good.
Send it to me early.
You've cut it very nicely, Yukata.
Right?
The way you wore it was on the train of the knight 400 years ago.
Oh, you brought this book well.
It's called "The Knight", right?
But it's a bit of a mess.
Oh, there it is.
I see. Then, where's my room?
Here, here.
Aibaeya.
Why?
It seems that only the other party is here.
Really?
But, besides us...
It seems that it's a bit of a mess to not meet other guests.
I don't like to be an Aibaeya, but it's okay.
I don't like it, after all.
There's only one other guest today, so...
I'll go to another room.
Now!
Let's go in.
Children...
Don't worry about the wedding, Tsundere-san.
It's a room with a roof over it.
That's right!
It's a tatami!
This is a tatami, right?
It smells unique.
Are you nostalgic?
No.
My room was in the flooring bed, so that's all.
Then...
What's this space?
What is this space?
It's a mysterious space!
The bedroom is...
I'll sleep here. You can use everything.
See you.
What?
I searched for it for a month, but it's so much.
Are you tired?
Wait!
I'm sure there's a muscle on your legs.
I was looking for you!
What's that?
It's a massage for the bath.
I'm grateful to you.
If you didn't have a warm heart,
I might not have been able to return to you.
It hurts!
What?
Don't run away!
The scar on your spine is a proof that you're in pain!
It's my fault, so I have to get rid of it!
Ready, set...
It feels so good!
I want to get rid of it!
I'm sorry!
No!
You, please stop.
The courtyard?
What?
Stop!
Are you okay? Are you okay?
It's not bad!
It's not bad.
But...
Can you hear me?
The great spirit of memory.
There's only a spirit here.
It's fine with the correct standard.
The morning bell is ringing.
Please take care of it.
Fujimia...
I'll play it.
The night is coming.
(Song)
Rengsord Stagger!
Stagger Magna!
What are you guys doing?
Alicia...
Alicia is the one who's fighting.
Wait, wait!
I told you I was interested, right?
One hero?
Then let's go.
Are the other members of the White House of the One-Six?
Kuroki, I'm sorry.
Kuroki...
I'm sorry!
I'm wondering what the relationship between the two of us is.
What kind of relationship do you think it is?
That's...
Go, go, go, go.
You can't see it. Don't worry.
-I'm sorry. -Thank goodness.
Hero?
What's that?
Look, it's a gift from Harinezumi.
I see.
-Do you need it? -No.
-It's okay. -It's not okay.
It's good to trust others, but...
-I'll always be... -You're the ones I trust.
It's not a stranger.
It's so cool!
Shut up, Madness!
What? Then what about the two of you?
Hero, I'll tell you the details.
This finger is the one that was put on that big face.
It's broken!
It's broken in a very important way!
You didn't get the finger, did you, Hero?
What? I didn't get it!
I don't have a gun.
The two of you...
Have you been dating Hero for a long time?
Well...
So, which one is going to get the love of Hero?
Hero?
I guess this is a good choice.
Wait, what?
What?
It's impossible.
I have a choice for this one, too.
I knew it, but you're so good!
Is your childhood friend that weak?
So, what are you guys doing in the mountains?
I'm going to work.
I've passed the real power of the dark palace.
The dark palace?
Thank you very much.
The ultimate wonder?
But the power of the dark palace should be black like the darkness.
I painted it! It's cute!
It's a huge tool.
The magic is lost.
There's no such a place to hide.
I want you to understand the importance of things.
What are you doing?
You're making a deal, aren't you?
You two will fight with the power of the Holy Spirit and God, right?
We, the warriors, will use our physical abilities to make a deal.
A special skill?
I want to see it.
I'm not sure.
Something's up there!
What's the story?
Ikyu-las Elran.
The dark palace magic is out.
Wow, something's coming out!
It's a revolution!
What are you looking at?
This sire!
Yeah, he was thrown away, so he used it to keep the laundry.
I guess it's just a sword's sire.
This is it!
Where is that place?
The top of the north mountain.
Are you going from there?
It's pretty far.
It's a hero.
Don't let him get away.
Why did Elf come here so suddenly?
I found a huge magic tool.
A huge magic tool?
It's the power of the initials.
Elf is important to the ancient culture, so he's collecting it.
Hey, Kuroki. Elf is all alone.
Elf is fine.
Is this place safe from monsters?
The master of the castle is a god, so he can build it.
As long as he can't get in, it's...
It's a bit of a shock.
The castle is a bit of a shock.
Thank you for watching!
Please subscribe to my channel!